@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.20 2014/06/14 10:34:45 sthen Exp $
@bin bin/irssi
include/irssi/
include/irssi/irssi-config
include/irssi/irssi-config.h
include/irssi/irssi-version.h
include/irssi/src/
include/irssi/src/common.h
include/irssi/src/core/
include/irssi/src/core/args.h
include/irssi/src/core/channel-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/channel-setup-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/channels-setup.h
include/irssi/src/core/channels.h
include/irssi/src/core/chat-protocols.h
include/irssi/src/core/chatnet-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/chatnets.h
include/irssi/src/core/commands.h
include/irssi/src/core/core.h
include/irssi/src/core/expandos.h
include/irssi/src/core/ignore.h
include/irssi/src/core/levels.h
include/irssi/src/core/line-split.h
include/irssi/src/core/log.h
include/irssi/src/core/masks.h
include/irssi/src/core/misc.h
include/irssi/src/core/module.h
include/irssi/src/core/modules-load.h
include/irssi/src/core/modules.h
include/irssi/src/core/net-disconnect.h
include/irssi/src/core/net-nonblock.h
include/irssi/src/core/net-sendbuffer.h
include/irssi/src/core/network.h
include/irssi/src/core/nick-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/nicklist.h
include/irssi/src/core/nickmatch-cache.h
include/irssi/src/core/pidwait.h
include/irssi/src/core/queries.h
include/irssi/src/core/query-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/rawlog.h
include/irssi/src/core/recode.h
include/irssi/src/core/server-connect-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/server-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/server-setup-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/servers-reconnect.h
include/irssi/src/core/servers-setup.h
include/irssi/src/core/servers.h
include/irssi/src/core/session.h
include/irssi/src/core/settings.h
include/irssi/src/core/signals.h
include/irssi/src/core/special-vars.h
include/irssi/src/core/window-item-def.h
include/irssi/src/core/window-item-rec.h
include/irssi/src/core/write-buffer.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/chat-completion.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/command-history.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/completion.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-channels.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-common-core.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-core-commands.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-exec.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-messages.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-queries.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-recode.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/fe-windows.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/formats.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/hilight-text.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/keyboard.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/module-formats.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/module.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/printtext.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/themes.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/window-activity.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/window-items.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/core/windows-layout.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/dcc/
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/dcc/fe-dcc.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/dcc/module-formats.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/dcc/module.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/fe-irc-channels.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/fe-irc-server.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/module-formats.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/module.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/notifylist/
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/notifylist/module-formats.h
include/irssi/src/fe-common/irc/notifylist/module.h
include/irssi/src/fe-text/
include/irssi/src/fe-text/statusbar-item.h
include/irssi/src/irc/
include/irssi/src/irc/core/
include/irssi/src/irc/core/bans.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/channel-rejoin.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/ctcp.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-cap.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-channels.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-chatnets.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-commands.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-masks.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-nicklist.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-queries.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-servers-setup.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc-servers.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/irc.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/mode-lists.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/modes.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/module.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/netsplit.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/sasl.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/servers-idle.h
include/irssi/src/irc/core/servers-redirect.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-chat.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-file-rec.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-file.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-get.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-queue.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-rec.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-send.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc-server.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/dcc.h
include/irssi/src/irc/dcc/module.h
include/irssi/src/irc/flood/
include/irssi/src/irc/flood/module.h
include/irssi/src/irc/notifylist/
include/irssi/src/irc/notifylist/module.h
include/irssi/src/irc/notifylist/notify-setup.h
include/irssi/src/irc/notifylist/notifylist.h
include/irssi/src/lib-config/
include/irssi/src/lib-config/iconfig.h
include/irssi/src/lib-config/module.h
lib/irssi/
lib/irssi/modules/
lib/irssi/modules/libirc_proxy.la
lib/irssi/modules/libirc_proxy.so
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Irssi/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Irssi.pm
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Irssi/Irc.pm
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Irssi/TextUI.pm
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Irssi/UI.pm
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/Irc/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/Irc/Irc.so
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/Irssi.so
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/TextUI/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/TextUI/TextUI.so
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/UI/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Irssi/UI/UI.so
@man man/man1/irssi.1
share/doc/irssi/
share/doc/irssi/design.txt
share/doc/irssi/faq.html
share/doc/irssi/faq.txt
share/doc/irssi/formats.txt
share/doc/irssi/manual.txt
share/doc/irssi/perl.txt
share/doc/irssi/signals.txt
share/doc/irssi/special_vars.txt
share/doc/irssi/startup-HOWTO.html
share/examples/irssi/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/
share/examples/irssi/irssi.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/irssi.conf
share/examples/irssi/scripts/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/
share/examples/irssi/scripts/autoop.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/autoop.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/autorejoin.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/autorejoin.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/buf.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/buf.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/command.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/command.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/dns.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/dns.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/kills.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/kills.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/mail.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/mail.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/mlock.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/mlock.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/msg-event.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/msg-event.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/quitmsg.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/quitmsg.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/redirect.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/redirect.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/scriptassist.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/scriptassist.pl
share/examples/irssi/scripts/usercount.pl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/scripts/usercount.pl
share/examples/irssi/themes/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/themes/
share/examples/irssi/themes/colorless.theme
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/themes/colorless.theme
share/examples/irssi/themes/default.theme
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/irssi/themes/default.theme
share/irssi/
share/irssi/help/
share/irssi/help/accept
share/irssi/help/action
share/irssi/help/admin
share/irssi/help/alias
share/irssi/help/away
share/irssi/help/ban
share/irssi/help/beep
share/irssi/help/bind
share/irssi/help/cat
share/irssi/help/cd
share/irssi/help/channel
share/irssi/help/clear
share/irssi/help/completion
share/irssi/help/connect
share/irssi/help/ctcp
share/irssi/help/cycle
share/irssi/help/dcc
share/irssi/help/dehilight
share/irssi/help/deop
share/irssi/help/devoice
share/irssi/help/die
share/irssi/help/disconnect
share/irssi/help/echo
share/irssi/help/eval
share/irssi/help/exec
share/irssi/help/flushbuffer
share/irssi/help/format
share/irssi/help/hash
share/irssi/help/help
share/irssi/help/hilight
share/irssi/help/ignore
share/irssi/help/info
share/irssi/help/invite
share/irssi/help/irssiproxy
share/irssi/help/ison
share/irssi/help/join
share/irssi/help/kick
share/irssi/help/kickban
share/irssi/help/kill
share/irssi/help/knock
share/irssi/help/knockout
share/irssi/help/lastlog
share/irssi/help/layout
share/irssi/help/levels
share/irssi/help/links
share/irssi/help/list
share/irssi/help/load
share/irssi/help/log
share/irssi/help/lusers
share/irssi/help/map
share/irssi/help/me
share/irssi/help/mircdcc
share/irssi/help/mode
share/irssi/help/motd
share/irssi/help/msg
share/irssi/help/names
share/irssi/help/nctcp
share/irssi/help/netsplit
share/irssi/help/network
share/irssi/help/nick
share/irssi/help/notice
share/irssi/help/notify
share/irssi/help/op
share/irssi/help/oper
share/irssi/help/part
share/irssi/help/ping
share/irssi/help/query
share/irssi/help/quit
share/irssi/help/quote
share/irssi/help/rawlog
share/irssi/help/recode
share/irssi/help/reconnect
share/irssi/help/rehash
share/irssi/help/reload
share/irssi/help/restart
share/irssi/help/rmreconns
share/irssi/help/rmrejoins
share/irssi/help/save
share/irssi/help/sconnect
share/irssi/help/script
share/irssi/help/scrollback
share/irssi/help/server
share/irssi/help/set
share/irssi/help/silence
share/irssi/help/squit
share/irssi/help/stats
share/irssi/help/statusbar
share/irssi/help/time
share/irssi/help/toggle
share/irssi/help/topic
share/irssi/help/trace
share/irssi/help/ts
share/irssi/help/unalias
share/irssi/help/unban
share/irssi/help/unignore
share/irssi/help/unload
share/irssi/help/unnotify
share/irssi/help/unquery
share/irssi/help/unsilence
share/irssi/help/upgrade
share/irssi/help/uptime
share/irssi/help/userhost
share/irssi/help/ver
share/irssi/help/version
share/irssi/help/voice
share/irssi/help/wait
share/irssi/help/wall
share/irssi/help/wallops
share/irssi/help/who
share/irssi/help/whois
share/irssi/help/whowas
share/irssi/help/window
