@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-server,v 1.8 2017/05/16 08:48:56 ajacoutot Exp $
@extraunexec rm -rf /var/www/htdocs/munin/*
@extraunexec rm -rf /var/db/munin/*
@owner www
@sample /var/db/munin/cgi-tmp/
@owner _munin
@sample /var/www/htdocs/munin/
@owner
@rcscript ${RCDIR}/munin_httpd
bin/munin-cron
bin/munin-httpd
bin/munin-limits
bin/munin-run
bin/munin-update
@man man/man1/munin-limits.1
@man man/man1/munin-run.1
@man man/man1/munin-update.1
share/doc/pkg-readmes/${PKGSTEM}
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/munin-conf.d/
share/examples/munin/munin.conf.sample
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/munin.conf
share/examples/munin/static/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/
share/examples/munin/static/css/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/
share/examples/munin/static/css/_base.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_base.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_forms.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_forms.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_graphs.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_graphs.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_header.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_header.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_layout.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_layout.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_mixins.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_mixins.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/_responsive.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/_responsive.scss
share/examples/munin/static/css/materialdesignicons.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/materialdesignicons.css
share/examples/munin/static/css/style.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/style.css
share/examples/munin/static/css/style.scss
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/css/style.scss
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.eot
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.eot
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.svg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.svg
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.ttf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.ttf
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.woff
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.woff
share/examples/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.woff2
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/fonts/materialdesignicons-webfont.woff2
share/examples/munin/static/img/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-144x144.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-144x144.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-192x192.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-192x192.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-36x36.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-36x36.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-48x48.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-48x48.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-72x72.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-72x72.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-96x96.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/android-chrome-96x96.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-114x114.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-114x114.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-120x120.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-120x120.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-144x144.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-144x144.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-180x180.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-180x180.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-57x57.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-57x57.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-60x60.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-60x60.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-72x72.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-72x72.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-76x76.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-76x76.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-precomposed.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon-precomposed.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/apple-touch-icon.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/browserconfig.xml
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/browserconfig.xml
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-16x16.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-16x16.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-194x194.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-194x194.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-32x32.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-32x32.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-96x96.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon-96x96.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon.ico
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/favicon.ico
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/manifest.json
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/manifest.json
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-144x144.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-144x144.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-150x150.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-150x150.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-310x150.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-310x150.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-310x310.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-310x310.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-70x70.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/favicons/mstile-70x70.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/loading.gif
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/loading.gif
share/examples/munin/static/img/logo-h-neg.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/logo-h-neg.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/logo-h-neg.svg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/logo-h-neg.svg
share/examples/munin/static/img/logo-h.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/logo-h.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/logo-h.svg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/logo-h.svg
share/examples/munin/static/img/logo.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/logo.png
share/examples/munin/static/img/placeholder.gif
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/img/placeholder.gif
share/examples/munin/static/js/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-absolute.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-absolute.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-autorefresh.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-autorefresh.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-dynazoom-modal.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-dynazoom-modal.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-eventruler.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-eventruler.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-graph.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-graph.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-modal.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-modal.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-tabs.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-tabs.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-timerangeSwitch.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-timerangeSwitch.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-toolbar.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-toolbar.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/component-treeview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/component-treeview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/formatdate.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/formatdate.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/jquery-1.8.3.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/jquery-1.8.3.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-categoryview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-categoryview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-comparison.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-comparison.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-domainview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-domainview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-dynazoom.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-dynazoom.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-nodeview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-nodeview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-overview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-overview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/munin-serviceview.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/munin-serviceview.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/querystring.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/querystring.js
share/examples/munin/static/js/script.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/static/js/script.js
share/examples/munin/templates/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-categoryview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-categoryview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-comparison.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-comparison.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-domainview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-domainview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-dynazoom.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-dynazoom.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-htaccess.in
@sample /var/www/cgi-bin/.htaccess
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-nodeview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-nodeview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-overview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-overview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-problemview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-problemview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/munin-serviceview.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/munin-serviceview.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/bottom_navigation.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/bottom_navigation.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/footer.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/footer.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/generated_by.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/generated_by.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/head.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/head.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation_comparison.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation_comparison.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation_problem.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/logo_navigation_problem.tmpl
share/examples/munin/templates/partial/navigation.tmpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/munin/templates/partial/navigation.tmpl
